Addressing issues #2, #3 and #10. (#19)
aaronpk/oauth-first-party-native-apps: draft-parecki-oauth-first-party-native-apps.md

The authorization challenge endpoint is a new endpoint defined by this specification which the native application uses to obtain an authorization code.

> Authorization servers supporting this specification SHOULD include the URL of their authorization challenge endpoint in their authorization server metadata document {{RFC8414}} using the `authorization_challent_request_endpoint` parameter as defined in [TODO]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorization servers supporting this specification SHOULD include the URL of their authorization challenge endpoint in their authorization server metadata document {{RFC8414}} using the `authorization_challenge_request_endpoint` parameter as defined in {{authorization-server-metadata}}.
```

The endpoint accepts the authorization request parameters defined in {{RFC6749}} for the authorization endpoint as well
as all applicable extensions defined for the authorization endpoint. Some examples of such extensions include Proof
Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) {{RFC7636}}, Resource Indicators {{RFC8707}}, and OpenID Connect (OIDC) [OIDC]. It is
important to note that some extension parameters have meaning in a web context but don't have meaning in a native
mechanism (e.g. response_mode=query). It is out of scope as to what the AS does in the case that an extension

> defines a parameter that is invalid in this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defines a parameter that is has no meaning in this use case.
```

(No new things need to be defined by this specification in order to use this.)

> # Authorization Server Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authorization Server Metadata {#authorization-server-metadata}
```

## Multiple Applications {#multiple-applications}

When there there is more than one 1st-party native applications supported by the AS, then it is important to consider a number of additional risks. These risks fall into two main categories: Experience Risk and Technical Risk which are described below.

### Experience Risk
Any time a user is asked to provide the authentication credentials in user experiences that differ, it has the effect of increasing the likelihood that the user will fall prey to a phishing attack because they are used to entering credentials in different looking experiences. When multiple native applications are support, the implementation MUST ensure the native experience is identical across all the 1st party native applications.

> Another experience risk is user confusion caused by different looking experiences and behaviors. This can increase the likelihood the user will fail the authentication experience for the 1st party native application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another experience risk is user confusion caused by different looking experiences and behaviors. This can increase the likelihood the user will not complete the authentication experience for the 1st party native application.
```
